Improve standard library (#17)
deathtothecorporation/plunder-docs: sire/standard-library.md

This is a printf, a `console.log`.

```Sire
; input:
| trk %hello
| inc 1

; output:
%hello ; the logged message
2      ; the result of inc 1
```

> `trk` prints its first argument. Its second argument is a continuation - typically the rest of the program. If we were to give `trk` a Haskelly type signature, it would be `trk : a -> b -> b` and we would say that it prints `a` and returns `b`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`trk` prints its first argument. Its second argument is typically the rest of the function we're currently defining. If we were to give `trk` a Haskelly type signature, it would be `trk : a -> b -> b` and we would say that it prints `a` and returns `b`.
```

```sire
;; this is a valid tab:
= t | tabFromPairs [[b#{one} 1] [b#{two} 2]]

;; but the same keys/values will choke the #[] version:

> = t | #[b#{one}=1] [b#{2}=2]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= t | #[b#{one}=1 b#{2}=2]
```

Author: I'm realizing now that neither of these parse correctly.

Author: ...oh wow okay coffee hasn't landed yet apparently. Right, that's the point of this section - these are examples of problems.
